The ThoughtPool git repository contains documents and files that I have
decided to share with the general public. Most of the documents and files
belong to me; my brother, Steve Keener, sometimes contributes as well. I
hope that these items will be useful in various ways.

OK, now for the official legal stuff.

Documents
---------

All documents in this git repository are licensed under a "Creative Commons
Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States License." An easy-to-understand,
layman's explanation of the license, as well as a link to full legal code of
the license, may be found at the following URL:

   http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/

Check out the full license for the exact details, but basically this license
says that you can use the content any way you like as long as: 1) you preserve
credit (attribution) for it, and 2) as long as you likewise publically share
anything that you create based on this content under the same license or a
similar license.

Files
-----

Software is distributed under the terms of the "Creative Commons - GNU Lesser
General Public License," version 2.1 or later. A link to a web page describing
this license in layman's terms is available below; that page also includes a
link to the full legal text of the license.

   http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html

Note that the CC-GNU LPGL license is the one that permits use of open source
software in commercial works as long as attribution and license information for
the original work is preserved and any changes to the open source software
component are made available to the public.

Waivers
-------

Waivers for some of the license restrictions may be requested and may be
granted on a case-by-case basis. Look, if you want to do something cool with
the content that isn't technically allowed or that benefits the public (or,
even better, if you want to pay me a modest sum), then email me and ask for
a waiver.

Meanwhile, I hope the content proves generally useful. Good luck!
